Create Getting started with List draft (#1925)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: concepts/05 UI Components/List/00 Getting Started with List/07 Reorder Items.md

The List supports drag & drop functionality that allows users to reorder list items. To configure it, define the [itemDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#itemDragging) object. Within this object, set the [allowReordering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSortable/Configuration/#allowReordering) property to **true**.

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function () {
        $('#list').dxList({
            // ...
            itemDragging: {
                allowReordering: true,
            },
        });
    });

##### Angular

    <!-- tab: app.component.html -->
    <dx-list...>
        <dxo-item-dragging 
            [allowReordering]="true"

>         >

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            [allowReordering]="true">
```

        </dxo-item-dragging>
    </dx-list>

    <!-- tab: app.component.ts -->
    import { Component } from '@angular/core';
    //...

    @Component({
        selector: 'app-root',
        templateUrl: './app.component.html',
        styleUrls: ['./app.component.css']
    })
    export class AppComponent {
        // ...   

>     }

Reviewer: This doesn't show anything new.
```suggestion
```

##### Vue

    <!-- tab: App.vue -->
    <template>
        <div id="app-container">
            <DxList...>
                <DxItemDragging
                    :allow-reordering="true"
                 >

>                 </DxItemDragging>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                    :allow-reordering="true"
                 />
```

            </DxList>
        </div>
    </template>

    <script>
    // ...

>     import DxList, {DxItemDragging} from "devextreme-vue/list";

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    import DxList, { DxItemDragging } from "devextreme-vue/list";
```

>     import service from './products.service';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

    export default {
        components: {
            // ...
            DxItemDragging
        },
        data() {
            // ...

>         },

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        // ...
```

    }
    </script>

##### React

    <!-- tab: App.js -->

>     import React from 'react';
> 
>     import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.common.css';
>     import 'devextreme/dist/css/dx.light.css';
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The **List** supports Drag & Drop functionality that allows users to reorder list items. To configure it, define the [itemDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#itemDragging) property, within an object specify the [allowReordering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSortable/Configuration/#allowReordering) property and set it to **true**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The List supports drag & drop functionality that allows users to reorder list items. To configure it, define the [itemDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#itemDragging) object. Within this object, set the [allowReordering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSortable/Configuration/#allowReordering) property to **true**.
```

---
##### jQuery

    <!-- tab: index.js -->
    $(function () {
        $('#list').dxList({
            // ...
            itemDragging: {
                allowReordering: true,
            },
        });

>             // ...

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

> The List supports drag & drop functionality that allows users to reorder list items. To configure it, define the [itemDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#itemDragging) object. Within this object, set the [allowReordering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSortable/Configuration/#allowReordering) property to **true**.

Reviewer 2: I'm simplifying the first sentence. It's a compound sentence (two subject with corresponding verbs) and it's a pretty simple thought that doesn't seem to require it. What we want to say is that "List supports drag-and-drop item reordering". Maybe we want to avoid the "ing" word though. 

In the second sentence, I wouldn't use the pronoun (it). Use them when the noun their refer to is very close and clear. In this case it's closer to the beginning of the preceding sentence.

```suggestion
Users can drag and drop list items to reorder them. To configure this functionality, define the [itemDragging](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxList/Configuration/#itemDragging) object. Within this object, set the [allowReordering](/Documentation/ApiReference/UI_Components/dxSortable/Configuration/#allowReordering) property to **true**.
```
